Dear Student,
You are eligible to secure admission to the IITM BS programs based on your 2024 JEE Advanced qualifying.
Greetings from IIT Madras, one of the finest, globally reputed higher technological institutions, and the No. 1 institute in India. This email contains important information about your future career opportunities. Please read this email along with your parents, very closely.
IIT Madras has launched two unique BS programs in June 2020. 1) Data Science and Applications and 2) Electronic Systems. This has been a game changer in the Indian education context, being the first ever program from an IIT that offers direct admission to its undergraduate BS Degrees to all candidates who are eligible for JEE Advanced.
Candidates who qualified for JEE Advanced 2024 can directly join our program in the Jan 2026 / May 2026 Terms (valid until the May 2026 Term). Candidates who qualified for JEE Advanced 2025 / 2026 can directly join the program in the respective upcoming terms as per the programme schedule.
About the BS programs
The BS programs of IIT Madras are carefully designed keeping in mind both the employment opportunities and post graduate studies. The following are some salient features of IITM’s BS programs.

The BS in Data Science and Applications prepares students for careers in data science, artificial intelligence, and programming, which are highest in demand, cutting across all industries and application areas. Visit study.iitm.ac.in/ds for more details.
The BS in Electronic Systems prepares students for careers in the electronics industry, which has requirements of tens of thousands of qualified engineers for the future. Visit study.iitm.ac.in/es for more details. 
All teaching is conducted online (both recorded videos and live interactive sessions). All exams are held in-person at centers in 200+ cities across the country. All hardware labs for electronic systems are held in-person at IITM campus.
IITM strives to provide interaction opportunities and an active student life for BS students. See the student life section at
https://study.iitm.ac.in/ds/student_life.html for more information.

On successful completion of these degrees, you become an alumnus of IIT Madras.
You can now pursue 2 degrees at the same time
The University Grants Commission (UGC) now permits students to pursue two degrees simultaneously - so, you can be enrolled for a degree program in any other college in physical mode and simultaneously be enrolled in IITM’s BS programs. See https://www.ugc.gov.in/pdfnews/5729348_Guidelines-for-pursuing-two-academic-programmes-simultaneously.pdf for more details. In other words, you can obtain degrees in data science or programming or electronic systems from IIT Madras along with your other college degree that you are attending in physical mode.
Multiple exit options
In case you decide at a later stage not to go through the entire BS degree programs, you can:

stop with a foundation program at the end of first year for which you will be provided a certificate from IIT Madras.
stop with a diploma at the end of second year for which you will be awarded a diploma in the respective field from IIT Madras.
Next Steps
To confirm your seat in IITM’s BS programs,

Visit study.iitm.ac.in/ds for data science or study.iitm.ac.in/es for electronic systems and click on “Apply Now”.
Fill in the required information and pay the admission fee. You will get an admission letter soon after the verification of documents.
After you get an admission letter, you can register for courses and start the program from Feb 6th(for DS / ES) (depending on when you complete Std 12). 
Admission is subject to you producing the proof that you are qualified for appearing in the JEE Advanced from 2024 exam.
You can reach us by email at support@study.iitm.ac.in or support-es@study.iitm.ac.in.
Note :- If you have already registered please ignore

Warm regards,
BS degree team
IIT Madras